# This is the CMakeCache file.
# For build in directory: /home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build
# It was generated by CMake: /usr/bin/cmake
# You can edit this file to change values found and used by cmake.
# If you do not want to change any of the values, simply exit the editor.
# If you do want to change a value, simply edit, save, and exit the editor.
# The syntax for the file is as follows:
# KEY:TYPE=VALUE
# KEY is the name of a variable in the cache.
# TYPE is a hint to GUIs for the type of VALUE, DO NOT EDIT TYPE!.
# VALUE is the current value for the KEY.

########################
# EXTERNAL cache entries
########################

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_AR:FILEPATH=/usr/local/aarch64-linux-gnu/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-ar

//Choose the type of build, options are: None(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS or
// CMAKE_C_FLAGS used) Debug Release RelWithDebInfo MinSizeRel.
CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE:STRING=

//Enable/Disable color output during build.
CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE:BOOL=ON

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds for minimum
// size.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-O3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds with debug info.
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-O2 -g -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during all build types.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the compiler during debug builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=-g

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds for minimum
// size.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=-Os -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=-O3 -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the compiler during release builds with debug info.
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=-O2 -g -DNDEBUG

//Flags used by the linker.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Enable/Disable output of compile commands during generation.
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS:BOOL=OFF

//Install path prefix, prepended onto install directories.
CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX:PATH=/usr/local

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_LINKER:FILEPATH=/usr/local/aarch64-linux-gnu/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-ld

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM:FILEPATH=/usr/bin/make

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of modules.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_NM:FILEPATH=/usr/local/aarch64-linux-gnu/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-nm

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJCOPY:FILEPATH=/usr/local/aarch64-linux-gnu/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-objcopy

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_OBJDUMP:FILEPATH=/usr/local/aarch64-linux-gnu/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-objdump

//Value Computed by CMake
CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME:STATIC=RtmProject

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_RANLIB:FILEPATH=/usr/local/aarch64-linux-gnu/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-ranlib

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of dll's.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//If set, runtime paths are not added when installing shared libraries,
// but are added when building.
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//If set, runtime paths are not added when using shared libraries.
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH:BOOL=NO

//Flags used by the linker during the creation of static libraries.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during debug builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release minsize builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during release builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE:STRING=

//Flags used by the linker during Release with Debug Info builds.
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO:STRING=

//Path to a program.
CMAKE_STRIP:FILEPATH=/usr/local/aarch64-linux-gnu/bin/aarch64-linux-gnu-strip

//No help, variable specified on the command line.
CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE:UNINITIALIZED=../configuration/arm.cmake

//If this value is on, makefiles will be generated without the
// .SILENT directive, and all commands will be echoed to the console
// during the make.  This is useful for debugging only. With Visual
// Studio IDE projects all commands are done without /nologo.
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE:BOOL=FALSE

//Value Computed by CMake
RtmProject_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build

//Value Computed by CMake
RtmProject_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src

//Value Computed by CMake
algorithm_base_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/algorithm_base

//Dependencies for the target
algorithm_base_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
algorithm_base_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/algorithm_base

//Value Computed by CMake
axis1000_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/axis1000

//Dependencies for the target
axis1000_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;core_comm_system;general;servo_comm;general;log_manager_producer;general;algorithm_base;general;system_model_manager;general;xml_help;general;axis;general;error_queue;

//Value Computed by CMake
axis1000_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/axis1000

//Value Computed by CMake
axis_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/axis

//Dependencies for the target
axis_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;core_comm_system;general;servo_comm;general;log_manager_producer;general;algorithm_base;general;system_model_manager;general;xml_help;general;error_queue;

//Value Computed by CMake
axis_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/axis

//Value Computed by CMake
base_device_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/base_device

//Dependencies for the target
base_device_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
base_device_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/base_device

//Value Computed by CMake
basic_alg_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/basic_alg

//Dependencies for the target
basic_alg_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libf2c.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libblas.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/liblapack.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
basic_alg_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/basic_alg

//Value Computed by CMake
controller_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/controller

//Value Computed by CMake
controller_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/controller

//Value Computed by CMake
coordinate_manager_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/coordinate_manager

//Dependencies for the target
coordinate_manager_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;log_manager_producer;

//Value Computed by CMake
coordinate_manager_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/coordinate_manager

//Value Computed by CMake
core_comm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/core_comm

//Value Computed by CMake
core_comm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/core_comm

//Dependencies for the target
core_comm_bare_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Dependencies for the target
core_comm_system_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;xml_help;general;thread_help;

//Value Computed by CMake
dynamic_alg_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/dynamic_alg

//Dependencies for the target
dynamic_alg_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;log_manager_producer;general;reg_manager;general;kinematics_alg;general;basic_alg;

//Value Computed by CMake
dynamic_alg_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/dynamic_alg

//Value Computed by CMake
embed_python_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/embed_python

//Dependencies for the target
embed_python_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libpython3.9.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libcrypt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libutil.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libm.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;thread_help;general;sem_help;general;log_manager_producer;general;error_queue;general;motion_control;

//Value Computed by CMake
embed_python_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/embed_python

//Value Computed by CMake
error_queue_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/error_queue

//Dependencies for the target
error_queue_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
error_queue_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/error_queue

//Value Computed by CMake
file_manager_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/file_manager

//Dependencies for the target
file_manager_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
file_manager_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/file_manager

//Value Computed by CMake
fio_device_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/fio_device

//Dependencies for the target
fio_device_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
fio_device_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/fio_device

//Value Computed by CMake
group_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/group

//Dependencies for the target
group_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;core_comm_system;general;servo_comm;general;log_manager_producer;general;system_model_manager;general;xml_help;general;axis;general;error_queue;

//Value Computed by CMake
group_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/group

//Value Computed by CMake
io_1000_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/io_1000

//Dependencies for the target
io_1000_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;log_manager_producer;general;error_queue;general;base_device;

//Value Computed by CMake
io_1000_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/io_1000

//Value Computed by CMake
io_safety_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/io_safety

//Dependencies for the target
io_safety_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;log_manager_producer;general;error_queue;general;base_device;

//Value Computed by CMake
io_safety_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/io_safety

//Value Computed by CMake
joint_constraint_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/joint_constraint

//Dependencies for the target
joint_constraint_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;basic_alg;

//Value Computed by CMake
joint_constraint_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/joint_constraint

//Value Computed by CMake
kinematics_alg_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/kinematics_alg

//Dependencies for the target
kinematics_alg_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;basic_alg;general;yaml_help;

//Value Computed by CMake
kinematics_alg_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/kinematics_alg

//Value Computed by CMake
log_manager_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/log_manager

//Value Computed by CMake
log_manager_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/log_manager

//Dependencies for the target
log_manager_producer_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;thread_help;

//Dependencies for target
log_manager_producer_bare_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=

//Value Computed by CMake
motion_control_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/motion_control

//Dependencies for the target
motion_control_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;xml_help;general;sem_help;general;log_manager_producer;general;base_device;general;algorithm_base;general;error_queue;general;thread_help;general;core_comm_system;general;servo_comm;general;system_model_manager;general;axis;general;group;general;nvram_handler;general;reg_manager;general;coordinate_manager;general;tool_manager;general;basic_alg;general;joint_constraint;general;dynamic_alg;general;kinematics_alg;general;transformation;general;trajectory_planner;

//Value Computed by CMake
motion_control_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/motion_control

//Value Computed by CMake
numerical_doik_test_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/test/numerical_doik_test

//Value Computed by CMake
numerical_doik_test_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/test/numerical_doik_test

//Value Computed by CMake
nvram_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/nvram

//Value Computed by CMake
nvram_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/nvram

//Dependencies for the target
nvram_handler_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
nvram_test_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/test/nvram_test

//Value Computed by CMake
nvram_test_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/test/nvram_test

//Value Computed by CMake
pb_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/pb

//Dependencies for the target
pb_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
pb_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/pb

//Value Computed by CMake
protos_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/protos

//Dependencies for the target
protos_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;pb;

//Value Computed by CMake
protos_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/protos

//Value Computed by CMake
reg_manager_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/reg_manager

//Dependencies for the target
reg_manager_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;log_manager_producer;general;nvram_handler;

//Value Computed by CMake
reg_manager_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/reg_manager

//Value Computed by CMake
rtm_spi_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/rtm_spi

//Dependencies for the target
rtm_spi_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
rtm_spi_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/rtm_spi

//Value Computed by CMake
sem_help_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/sem_help

//Dependencies for the target
sem_help_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
sem_help_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/sem_help

//Value Computed by CMake
sensor_process_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/sensor_process

//Dependencies for the target
sensor_process_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;motion_control;general;log_manager_producer;general;error_queue;general;system_model_manager;general;basic_alg;

//Value Computed by CMake
sensor_process_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/sensor_process

//Value Computed by CMake
servo_comm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/servo_comm

//Dependencies for the target
servo_comm_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;core_comm_system;general;yaml_help;general;log_manager_producer;

//Value Computed by CMake
servo_comm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/servo_comm

//Value Computed by CMake
system_model_manager_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/system_model_manager

//Dependencies for the target
system_model_manager_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;xml_help;general;log_manager_producer;

//Value Computed by CMake
system_model_manager_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/system_model_manager

//Value Computed by CMake
test_interpreter_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/test/tp_comm_test/src/test_interpreter

//Value Computed by CMake
test_interpreter_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/test/tp_comm_test/src/test_interpreter

//Value Computed by CMake
thread_help_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/thread_help

//Dependencies for the target
thread_help_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
thread_help_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/thread_help

//Value Computed by CMake
tool_manager_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/tool_manager

//Dependencies for the target
tool_manager_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;log_manager_producer;

//Value Computed by CMake
tool_manager_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/tool_manager

//Value Computed by CMake
tp_comm_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/tp_comm

//Dependencies for the target
tp_comm_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;protos;general;yaml_help;general;thread_help;general;log_manager_producer;general;error_queue;

//Value Computed by CMake
tp_comm_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/tp_comm

//Value Computed by CMake
tp_comm_test_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/test/tp_comm_test/src/test_reg

//Dependencies for the target
tp_comm_test_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;protos;general;thread_help;

//Value Computed by CMake
tp_comm_test_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/test/tp_comm_test/src/test_reg

//Value Computed by CMake
trajectory_planner_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/trajectory_planner

//Dependencies for the target
trajectory_planner_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;yaml_help;general;basic_alg;general;kinematics_alg;general;dynamic_alg;general;joint_constraint;

//Value Computed by CMake
trajectory_planner_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/trajectory_planner

//Value Computed by CMake
transformation_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/transformation

//Dependencies for the target
transformation_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;general;kinematics_alg;

//Value Computed by CMake
transformation_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/transformation

//Value Computed by CMake
xml_help_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/xml_help

//Dependencies for the target
xml_help_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
xml_help_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/xml_help

//Value Computed by CMake
yaml_help_BINARY_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build/yaml_help

//Dependencies for the target
yaml_help_LIB_DEPENDS:STATIC=general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libpthread.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/librt.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libz.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/liblzma.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libxml2.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libyaml-cpp.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/local/lib/libnanomsg.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicuuc.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libicudata.so;general;/usr/local/crosstool/zcu102/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libdl.so;

//Value Computed by CMake
yaml_help_SOURCE_DIR:STATIC=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src/yaml_help


########################
# INTERNAL cache entries
########################

//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_AR
CMAKE_AR-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//This is the directory where this CMakeCache.txt was created
CMAKE_CACHEFILE_DIR:INTERNAL=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/build
//Major version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MAJOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=3
//Minor version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_MINOR_VERSION:INTERNAL=5
//Patch version of cmake used to create the current loaded cache
CMAKE_CACHE_PATCH_VERSION:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_COLOR_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/cmake
//Path to cpack program executable.
CMAKE_CPACK_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/cpack
//Path to ctest program executable.
CMAKE_CTEST_COMMAND:INTERNAL=/usr/bin/ctest
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS
CMAKE_C_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_C_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Executable file format
CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_FORMAT:INTERNAL=ELF
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS
CMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Name of external makefile project generator.
CMAKE_EXTRA_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator.
CMAKE_GENERATOR:INTERNAL=Unix Makefiles
//Name of generator platform.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM:INTERNAL=
//Name of generator toolset.
CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET:INTERNAL=
//Source directory with the top level CMakeLists.txt file for this
// project
CMAKE_HOME_DIRECTORY:INTERNAL=/home/ld/git_work/mc_application/Motion_controller/src
//Install .so files without execute permission.
CMAKE_INSTALL_SO_NO_EXE:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_LINKER
CMAKE_LINKER-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM
CMAKE_MAKE_PROGRAM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_MODULE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_NM
CMAKE_NM-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//number of local generators
CMAKE_NUMBER_OF_MAKEFILES:INTERNAL=55
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJCOPY
CMAKE_OBJCOPY-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_OBJDUMP
CMAKE_OBJDUMP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_RANLIB
CMAKE_RANLIB-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//Path to CMake installation.
CMAKE_ROOT:INTERNAL=/usr/share/cmake-3.5
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_SHARED_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_INSTALL_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH
CMAKE_SKIP_RPATH-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_MINSIZEREL-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO
CMAKE_STATIC_LINKER_FLAGS_RELWITHDEBINFO-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_STRIP
CMAKE_STRIP-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1
//uname command
CMAKE_UNAME:INTERNAL=/bin/uname
//ADVANCED property for variable: CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE
CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE-ADVANCED:INTERNAL=1

